so for this project that i want to build:

build me am minecraft bot using mineflayer. the goal of this bot is to be an sorting system bot to work in an large sorting room with lots of chests. the goal is that this bot is created and fully controled using an api from an web portal. this is how the flow works. when starting up the bot (it starts both the bot backend api) and the frontend web ui. then the user goes to the webui. and once there if no bot is configgurd an dialog should popup (first time setup) were the user authenticates an minecraft account for the bot to use using micosoft MSA login (using an login code). the setup flow should be slides and when the auth is corrent it should slide to the left to reavel an new slide on the right. in this slide the user can select the main or gereral area coordinates of the storage system. then if the bot is not there it should pathfind there. once there an button will show with start storage index witch once clikced the bot will look voor every chest in an user spisified radius that it can accsess without breaking blocks or placing them. open eatch chests note down the content of the chest into an postgress database along with the chest position and last opend time of that chest. do this for all chests. then once that last final setup setep is done the user gets an overview of all the items in the webui. make the webui look really nice an modern using only shadcn componsnts dont make your own components. use mineflayer for the minecraft bot do a lot of research on code exampels and best practatis. this system should be exspanable with new features in the future. make an plan based apreath and keep track in an new markdown file. if more info is needed ask me simple questions. also the code should be in frontend/ and backend/
